retailers and manufacturers work hard to
market products consumers want to buy T
but in a world with millions of products
how can anyone hope to make their
products stand out there was a time when
you could just label your products and
many people would trust what you told
them but today that doesn't work so well
in fact it can even make consumers more
skeptical so how can retailers and
manufacturers cause their products to
connect with today's disenchanted
public well it starts by realizing that
there are Brands consumers do trust
through years of great experiences and
it's possible for retailers and
manufacturers to Simply borrow that
trust by labeling their products with
the marks of these trusted Brands this
growing form of marketing is called
licensing and it's today's most
effective Innovation for quickly and
effectively communicating the value of
your products to your customers here's
why it works brand owners have earned
the trust and loyalty of millions of
consumers all over the world and those
consumers associate their favorite
brands with specific and important
values but these values extend into
product categories far beyond the ones
currently produced by the brand owners
this left overv value is called untapped
brand equity and it's often simply
waiting for a retailer or manufacturer
to put it to good use licensing this
valuable brand Equity will label their
products in a way that deeply connects
with the consumer consumers and can
often give an exclusive advantage to the
lie or retailer putting them miles ahead
of their competitors today brand owners
are only getting a return on a fraction
of the value they work so hard to create
but through licensing brand owners can
allow retailers and manufacturers to
extend their brands at no cost to the
brand creating multiple streams of new
Revenue simply by discovering the right
connections brand owners retailers and
manufacturers have only just begun to
experience the creative ways licensing
can expand their businesses licensing
can repeatedly create a win for the
retailer a win for the brand owner and a
win for the
consumer brands are the best friends of
product marketers and in the same way
retailers and manufacturers can help
brand owners discover the full value of
their Brand's Equity it's time they get
together through networking brand owners
can get a larger return on the real
value of their brand and retailers and
manufacturers can begin to employ the
benefits of Licensing to cause their
products to start flying off the shelf
position your business to explore and
experience the boundless benefits of
Licensing